Fix SCIM setup (#1793)
astronomer/docs: software/integrate-auth-system.md

<TabItem value="azuread">

1. Sign in to the [Azure AD portal](https://aad.portal.azure.com/). 
   

> 2. In the left menu, select **Enterprise applications**, then go to **+ New application** > **+ Create your own application**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left menu, select **Enterprise applications**, and then click **New application** > **Create your own application**.
```

> 2. In the left menu, select **Enterprise applications**, then go to **+ New application** > **+ Create your own application**.

Reviewer 2: The answer to this question is Yes. You end up with one "Registered Application" to handle OIDC and one "Enterprise Application" to handle SCIM. Maybe we should mention it somewhere.

   
3. Enter a name for your application and select **Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery**.
   

> 4. Click **Add** to create an app object. Azure AD opens the application management menu for your new application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Add** to create an application object. 
```
_Azure AD opens the application management menu for your new application._ - if this is obvious behavior and not unexpected, it doesn't need to be described.

   
5. In the application management menu for your new application, go to **Manage** > **Provisioning**.

6. Click **Provisioning Mode** > **Automatic**.

> 7. In the **Tenant URL** field, enter `https://BASEDOMAIN.astronomer.io/v1/scim/microsoft`. This is the Astronomer SCIM endpoint URL.

Author: ```suggestion
7. In the **Tenant URL** field, enter `https://astro.BASEDOMAIN/v1/scim/microsoft`. This is the Astronomer SCIM endpoint URL.
```

> 8. In your `config.yaml` file, add the following configuration to create a unique token that Astronomer Software uses to authenticate requests from Azure AD:

Reviewer 2: The customer was asking us where this token is coming from. Is it generated in Azure AD or somewhere else?

Reviewer 2: The token is a randomly generated string. As long as it matches between the helm chart and Azure AD, it should just work.
